Please take a few minutes to reflect on your experience in CSE 111 and
think about the challenges, successes, and all that you've learned
along the way.


Now, please respond thoroughly (1 - 2 paragraphs for each question) to
the following questions.

1. Describe an experience you had this semester where you saw the power of
functions.
This semester, I learned and practiced the use of functions. In each 
assignment, I learned new benefits of using functions. One experience 
where I saw the power of functions was on the heart rate graphic user 
interface. It had two principal functions, main and populate main window. 
Both did their respective work, like creating the main window and making 
labels, entries, and buttons. I realized functions can have other functions
inside of them. In this example, one did all the calculations, and the other 
cleared the input boxes from the labels created in the populate main window
function. Separating the code into functions makes it easier to understand
the program, reuse it, and avoid duplication.


2. In your judgment, what is the value of test functions?
Test functions are helpful while writing a program. They check that each 
function in a program works well and returns the right value or answer. 
Test functions are important for handling errors before they occur, so at 
the moment of operation, the program does not stop working and collapse. 
They check for possible inputs, answers, or documents. In simple words, 
the value of test functions is to check that a function works properly and 
its behavior is correct.


3. Describe your process for troubleshooting and fixing a program that
has a problem. What is one thing you can do to improve your process?
The process I follow for troubleshooting is pretty much the same on any 
program. If something is not working as expected, I read the terminal and 
the errors that show. Then, if I do not know how to fix it, I check on the 
internet. I also use the debugger tool to check how the code is working to see 
if I wrote something wrong or if I need to type more code. After this class, 
I think I can do two things to improve the process for troubleshooting. 
First, handle errors and raise them in my code, so it shows me what type of
error is. Second, write a test file at the same time I write a program, so
I know what to expect and identify if it is getting the correct information.

